# Tour-Packages-Manali-Manali-Adventure-Tours-Holiday-packages-in-Manali-Heritage-Tour-of-Manali-M
Have you planned a Manali trip yet? If not then give is a chance to serve you. Our well-planned Manali tour packages include best hotels, camps, cabs, along with tours to Manali. Day- 01Delhi – Manali Arrive in Delhi by Air or Train. After reaching in Delhi goto RK Ashram Metro station, (on your own) at 5:00 pm. Day- 02 Arrival in Manali &amp; Local City Tour reach Manali at 8 - 9 am, Meet our representative at Manali Volvo Stand and transfer to the hotel. After fresh up, proceed to half day city tour of Manali which includes- 1. Hadimba Devi temple:- It chief center of interest in Manali, dedicated to the goddessHadimba, the Wife of Bheema of Mahabharata Fame, This is a wooden temple, Inthe dense forest of magnificent deodar, is about 2.5 Kms from the Mall. It is a pleasant stroll to the temple which was built in 1553 A.D. 2. Vashisht (3.5km from Mall):- Hot Sulphur Water springs-which is widely believed as an effective skin diseases healer and possess various medical properties. Nearby is the pyramidal stone temple dedicated to Vashisht Muni &amp; Lord Rama temple. Dinner &amp; Overnight Manali hotel. You can view our tour packages below &amp; callus +91-8510901222 or you can visit our website. www.swastikholiday.in Day- 03 Manali (Full day Trip to Snow Point) Enjoy the morning breakfast at the hotel and later get ready for an excursion to visit Solang valley. Kindly Note: National Green Tribunal is allowing an only limited vehicle to Rohtang pass per day. So Rohtang Pass/ Snow Point Sightseeing by Own Cost - Pay on the spot according to Union rate. Overnight Manali hotel. Day-04 Manali (Full Day Trip to Kullu (45 Kms) Enjoy the morning breakfast at the hotel and later get ready for an excursion to visit Kullu. Kullu town visiting the famous Kullu ShawlIndustry. Drive back to Manali. Check in at the Hotel in Manali. Overnight stay at the Hotel in Manali. Day-05 Manali-Delhi-Departure Morning enjoys the breakfast and checks out from the hotel at12 noon (Luggage can be kept at reception or bell desk. Afternoon enjoys leisure or can take a stroll down the mall in Manali and enjoy shopping antiques, shawls and handicrafts. Evening catches the Volvo from Manali at 4.00 PM to precede Delhi. Overnight Journey. Day-06 Arrival at Delhi - Tour Ends After arrival at Delhi, the glorious tour to the heavenlyManali comes to an end. In this way, your visit to one of the paradise on earth located amidst the lofty Himalayas ends offering your glorious memories to cherish for Lifetime. Swastik Holiday.
